docs: add contributor guidance for pull request titles (#347)
canonical/charmlibs: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [The different types of tests](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/explanation/charmlibs-tests/).
- [Publishing packages](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/explanation/charmlibs-publishing/).

# Pull requests

Pull request titles must follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).
When working on a single library, use the scope to indicate this.

> The scope should be the distribution package name without the leading `charmlibs-`.

Reviewer: Note that this gets rendered as one long paragraph.
Perhaps an empty line (md) / separate paragraphs would read better.

> When working on a single library, use the scope to indicate this.

Technically correct, but reads a bit odd. Perhaps could be phrased differently.

Author: ```suggestion
Pull request titles must follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

When a PR affects a single library, use the distribution package name without the leading `charmlibs-` as the conventional commit scope.

```

For example:

> `feat(pathops): ...`, `chore(interfaces-tls-certificates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`feat(pathops): ...` or `chore(interfaces-tls-certificates): ...`.
```
